Configuration for Comet (#255)
dask/dask-jobqueue: docs/source/configurations.rst

        project: arm
        walltime: 00:30:00 #Adjust this to job size
        job-extra: ['-W group_list=cades-arm']
        
SDSC Comet
----------

San Diego Supercomputer Center's `Comet cluster <https://www.sdsc.edu/support/user_guides/comet.html>`_, available to US scientists via `XSEDE <https://www.xsede.org/>`_.

> Also, note that port 8787 is open both on login and computing nodes, so you can directly access the `dask` dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, note that port 8787 is open both on login and computing nodes, so you can directly access Dask's dashboard.
```
